Changelog for rc.3 (#463)
mapbox/mapbox-maps-android: CHANGELOG.md

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone.

# 10.0.0-rc.3 June 30, 2021

**The Mapbox Maps SDK for Android has moved to release candidate status and is now ready for production use.**

## Features ✨ and improvements 🏁
* Introduce static MapboxMap.clearData(resourceOptions: ResourceOptions, callback: AsyncOperationResultCallback) API and MapboxMap#clearData(callback: AsyncOperationResultCallback), Snapshotter#clearData(callback: AsyncOperationResultCallback) APIs. ([#442](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/442))
* Optimise the Style#getLayer and Style#getSource APIs' performance. ([#449](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/449))
* MapEvents#MAP_LOADING_ERROR events now include source and tile information where appropriate. New fields would allow developers to understand what source or tile has failed to load and the reason for a failure.

## Bug fixes 🐞

> * Fix annotation update missing issue. ([#441](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/441))

Reviewer: This could be explained a bit more in detail. When reading this I'm not getting why it was an issue ad what the fix was.

> * Perform annotation click synchronously and change AnnotationManagerImpl#queryMapForFeatures function to be synchronous. ([#455](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/455))

Reviewer 2: Is this a breaking change?

Author: More yes than no, thanks for reminding! Script did not put it to breaking change section for some reason.

* Fix raster/v1 terrain tiles fetch failures caused by appending pixel ratio to the URLs when tile size is equal to 512.

> * Improve persistent layer pinning by keeping information about initial LayerPosition.

Reviewer 2: Fixed an issue that the LayerPosition is not persisted across the style change, when using persistent layer based annotation plugin and location component plugin.

Reviewer 2: And link to the gl-native bump PR?

> * Disable MapboxTelemetryInitProvider if the telemetry is disabled via app's manifest.

Reviewer 2: maybe describe this might affect the map's initialisation time?

Reviewer 2: And link to the ([#457](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/457))

Mapbox welcomes participation and contributions from everyone.

# 10.0.0-rc.3 June 30, 2021

**The Mapbox Maps SDK for Android has moved to release candidate status and is now ready for production use.**

## Breaking changes ⚠️

> * Perform annotation click synchronously and change AnnotationManagerImpl#queryMapForFeatures function to be synchronous. ([#455](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/455))

Reviewer 2: maybe also include the API surface that's changed?

Author: I will do that in release notes.

* Optimise the Style#getLayer and Style#getSource APIs' performance. ([#449](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/449))
* MapEvents#MAP_LOADING_ERROR events now include source and tile information where appropriate. New fields would allow developers to understand what source or tile has failed to load and the reason for a failure. ([#457](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/457))

## Bug fixes 🐞
* Fix dropping annotation source updates if those were emitted rapidly without handler. ([#441](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/441))
* Fix raster/v1 terrain tiles fetch failures caused by appending pixel ratio to the URLs when tile size is equal to 512. ([#457](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/457))
* Fixed an issue that the LayerPosition is not persisted across the style change, when using persistent layer based annotation plugin and location component plugin. ([#457](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/457))

> * Disable MapboxTelemetryInitProvider if the telemetry is disabled via app's manifest reducing startup time. ([#442](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/442))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Disable MapboxTelemetryInitProvider if the telemetry is disabled via app's manifest, and reduces startup time. ([#442](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-maps-android/pull/442))
```

Author: I'm an enemy of commas so I'll leave it my way if you don't mind 😉
